Docs - Improve SEO (#99)
iotaledger/IOTA-2.0-Research-Specifications: docs/3.4NeighborSelection.md

---

> description: In order for the network to work efficiently and for the nodes to be kept up-to-date about the ledger state, nodes exchange information with each other. Each node establishes a communication channel with a small subset of nodes (i.e., neighbors) via a process called `peering`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: This page explains how nodes find their neighbors and connect to them, a process that we call "peering". It allows nodes work efficiently without disrupting the actual ledger state.
```
